Restructure management guides - Closes #693 (#695)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/management/forging.adoc

Mona Bärenfänger <mona@lightcurve.io>
:description: This page describes how to check, enable and disable forging on a node.
:toc:
:sectnums:
:v_sdk: master

:url_sdk_guides_forging: {v_sdk}@lisk-sdk::guides/node-management/forging.adoc

Please refer to this guide how to xref:{url_sdk_guides_forging}[enable forging on a Lisk node].

[IMPORTANT]
====
Keep in mind you need to use the right ports for the network that your Lisk Core node is connected to.

> See a reference of all HTTP ports of Lisk Core below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A reference of all HTTP ports of Lisk Core can be seen below.
```
